Boyfriend-panic: Okay look, 
Boyfriend-panic: I know this is going to sound crazy, 
Boyfriend-panic: but we're being held captive and forced to rap battle for a crowd's amusement. 
Boyfriend-panic: This could all be over a lot quicker if you just compete with us in a rap battle.
Calliope-norm: I'll vouch for him, sir. He's telling the truth.
Theo-bruh: Sir? 
Theo-laugh: Well I must say, I'm flattered BAHAHAHAH. 
Theo-bruh: But seriously, who are you two? 
Theo-bruh: No I'm not going to rap battle you both. Can't you see I have more important things to do then to waste my time with your petty excuse for music. 
Theo-bruh: If you both value your lives I suggest you leave. And quickly too. 
Calliope-distress: Please, there has to be something we can do. 
Boyfriend-scar: Yeah, we'll do anything! 
Theo-kill: Anything? Interesting. 
Theo-norm: Okay let me ask you this. 
Theo-norm: Do either of you have any powers? Considering you both just came from a portal.
Calliope-shy: I can fly. 
Theo-bruh: Boring. 
Boyfriend-sad: I was able to win my girlfriend's heart by singing. 
Theo-norm: The ability to resolve all conflicts by singing. 
Theo-kill: Hmm, that could actually be useful. 
Theo-norm: I have this um... problem. 
Theo-norm: Why don't you stay til' nighttime and see if you can um, sing at the thing.  
Boyfriend-norm: Sure we can do that. Right Calliope? 
Calliope-shy: Uh, yeah sure, of course we can. 
Calliope-norm: But the agreement is that you gotta sing with us. To satisfy the audience that's currently watching us. 
Theo-bruh: I'm being WATCHED? 
Theo-pissed: WHO THE HELL IS WATCHING ME?!
Theo-pissed: TELL ME BEFORE I SLIT YOUR FUCKING THROATS!
Calliope-scar: AAAH! 
Calliope-distress: Look okay, It's not under our control! Those freaks are somehow able to see us at all times. 
Theo-bruh: You better pray you're being truthful. 
Theo-pissed: BECAUSE I WILL NOT HESITATE TO CUT YOU BOTH UP INTO LITTLE TINY PIECES!
Calliope-scar: We are. 
Theo-sigh: Okay. 
Boyfriend-scar: We're kind of on a tight schedule. 
Boyfriend-scar: Can you stop threatening us and can we just start singing?
Theo-bruh: Fine. 
Boyfriend-norm: Let's do this. 