Boyfriend-giggle: That was fun. 
Calliope-pissed: How are you enjoying this, this guy is psychotic. 
Theo-bruh: You try being cooped up in a cult 24/7 with the threat of being killed if you ever did so much as think to leave. 
Theo-bruh: I've been stuck like this for a while. And I am not missing out on the opportunity to finally be able to live a normal life. 
Theo-kill: So lay it on me. I'll sing however much I have too. 
Calliope-shy: What do you mean you want to live a normal life?
Theo-norm: It's better if I keep it to myself, because if you guys find out what it is. You're not going to help me. 
Boyfriend-norm: We said we'd do anything. We meant that. 
Theo-norm: Trust me. If you guys figure it out, you'll regret ever making this agreement. 
Theo-norm: The only way this is gonna work is if you don't know what you're dealing with. 
Calliope-shy: Why? 
Calliope-norm: That would give us enough time to come up with a plan. 
Theo-bruh: Because you won't be spending your time having to be anxious and scared. 
Calliope-distress: Damn it, please just tell us. 
Calliope-distress: We literally came from a portal, we've never been in this dimension before in our lives. 
Calliope-distress: We have no idea how anything works in your world. We need some semblance of closure.
Theo-sigh: sigh
Theo-norm: Are you sure you both can handle the truth?
Boyfriend-norm: Yes we can. 
Theo-norm: You both promise you won't leave? 
Boyfriend-bruh: Even if we wanted to leave we couldn't. 
Theo-norm: Okay, look. You're going to sing at what is essentially a monster. 
Boyfriend-norm: A monster isn't that big of a deal. 
Theo-bruh: Let me finish. 
Theo-norm: A crazy psychotic, deranged, serial killer of a monster. That attacks at first sight. 
Theo-kill: In other words. Your lives are at stake. 
Boyfriend-sad: Oh, I've sort of dealt with that, except that guy was like a lemon.
Theo-bruh: ...
Boyfriend-bruh: What?
Theo-bruh: ...Nothing. 
Theo-norm: If you guys are going to come up with a plan, now would be a good idea. 
Calliope-shy: Boyfriend lets go a little farther so we can discuss what we're going to do. 
Boyfriend-sad: Sure.
Calliope-norm: Okay, Boyfriend. I need you to be honest with me. 
Calliope-norm: By chance can you actually resolve all conflict by singing and are just deciding to keep it a secret.
Boyfriend-bruh: No. 
Calliope-distress: ..
Calliope-norm: Okay, we need to figure out how we're going to defeat this thing. 
Boyfriend-norm: Look at the portal, it's closed off with a cage. 
Calliope-norm: The mumble rap gods probably want us to sing against that thing. Then we can move on with the challenge.
Calliope-pissed: That has to be it. Why else would they throw us in with Theo. They want to entertain their viewers. 
Boyfriend-norm: You do have a point, it feels like this entire day has been building up to something. 
Calliope-pissed: And considering how an audience is viewing this. What would make more sense then to build up to the monster. 
Calliope-confident: I bet the second we beat that thing in a rap battle the portal will open and we can jump in. 
Boyfriend-bruh: So we're not gonna be able to save Theo?
Calliope-norm: No. But we will be able to get out of here. We gotta do what's best for ourselves. 
Calliope-shy: We have family and friends we need to return too. 
Boyfriend-scar: My girlfriend is probably worried sick right now. 
Calliope-norm: Exactly, more the reason to follow through with this plan.
Boyfriend-norm: Theo, we're ready to compete. 
Theo-norm: Okay. 
Boyfriend-norm: Let's do this. 